Harry Potter Magic Encyclopaedia Documentation
Welcome to the wizarding world of Harry Potter, where the fans can explore a wide range of magical objects, creatures and spells of the Harry Potter universe. This documentation provides an overview of the website’s functionalities and features.
Firstly, the landing page is displayed, where users can login or signup if they have not don’t it already. They are shown some basic information and history of Hogwarts. If the user is not sure where to start with, or is new to this Harry Potter Universe, then they are navigated to alphabets section, where each of the objects and creatures are shown alphabetically. User can click on any of them to see the information of that particular object along with images, for better experience. There is also a search functionality, which is dynamic in nature; it means that user will get the desired results on using ‘search’ function. For the convenience of them, we have ‘filter’ option, so that they can get what they are looking for; be it any category or any division.
Also, if a user wants to add that particular item to favorites, they can just do it in 1 click. Then, they can navigate to the ‘favorites’ section where the objects which are added to favorites by the user, are shown. This feature is very useful for those who want to add that particular item for their future reference and want to store it somewhere. They can delete that item as well, if no longer needed. 
In the home page, when user navigates to the side, they will see many categories of all the items of Harry Potter Wizarding World. Each category has itself a huge number of items, with search and filter functionality in all of them. This would ensure that the user does not feel any difficulty in finding/searching or filtering their desired items and ensure a smoother experience.
If we consider privacy and security of the user, then each of the user can set their login credentials, which are stored in the database, which makes it more secure. Also, every user needs to login in order to access the magical objects and personalize their choices of their favorite items stored.
Overall, this website offers a creative and captivating platform for the fans to immerse themselves in the enchanting world of Harry Potter and through the user-friendly features and eye-catching designs, it brings the magic of Harry Potter to life.
